=dev-lang/ghc-8.0.1 binary

app-emacs/ghc-mod doc hoogle
app-emacs/hindent doc hoogle
dev-haskell/adjunctions doc hoogle
dev-haskell/aeson doc hoogle
dev-haskell/alex doc
dev-haskell/annotated-wl-pprint doc hoogle
dev-haskell/ansi-terminal doc hoogle
dev-haskell/ansi-wl-pprint doc hoogle
dev-haskell/appar doc hoogle
dev-haskell/apply-refact doc hoogle
dev-haskell/asn1-encoding doc hoogle
dev-haskell/asn1-parse doc hoogle
dev-haskell/asn1-types doc hoogle
dev-haskell/async doc hoogle
dev-haskell/attoparsec doc hoogle
dev-haskell/auto-update doc hoogle
dev-haskell/base-compat doc hoogle
dev-haskell/base-orphans doc hoogle
dev-haskell/base16-bytestring doc hoogle
dev-haskell/base64-bytestring doc hoogle
dev-haskell/basement doc hoogle
dev-haskell/bifunctors doc hoogle
dev-haskell/binary doc hoogle
dev-haskell/blaze-builder doc hoogle
dev-haskell/blaze-html doc hoogle
dev-haskell/blaze-markup doc hoogle
dev-haskell/byteable doc hoogle
dev-haskell/byteorder doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cabal-doctest doc hoogle
dev-haskell/call-stack doc hoogle
dev-haskell/case-insensitive doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cereal doc hoogle
dev-haskell/charset doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cheapskate doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cipher-aes doc hoogle
dev-haskell/clock doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cmdargs doc hoogle
dev-haskell/code-page doc hoogle
dev-haskell/comonad doc hoogle
dev-haskell/conduit doc hoogle
dev-haskell/conduit-extra doc hoogle
dev-haskell/connection doc hoogle
dev-haskell/contravariant doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cookie doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cpphs doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cprng-aes doc hoogle
dev-haskell/crypto-cipher-types doc hoogle
dev-haskell/crypto-random doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cryptohash-sha256 doc hoogle
dev-haskell/cryptonite doc hoogle
dev-haskell/css-text doc hoogle
dev-haskell/data-default doc hoogle
dev-haskell/data-default-class doc hoogle
dev-haskell/data-default-instances-containers doc hoogle
dev-haskell/data-default-instances-dlist doc hoogle
dev-haskell/data-default-instances-old-locale doc hoogle
dev-haskell/descriptive doc hoogle
dev-haskell/digest doc hoogle
dev-haskell/distributive doc hoogle
dev-haskell/dlist doc hoogle
dev-haskell/easy-file doc hoogle
dev-haskell/ed25519 doc hoogle
dev-haskell/exceptions doc hoogle
dev-haskell/extra doc hoogle
dev-haskell/fast-logger doc hoogle
dev-haskell/fgl doc hoogle
dev-haskell/filemanip doc hoogle
dev-haskell/fingertree doc hoogle
dev-haskell/fixed doc hoogle
dev-haskell/fmlist doc hoogle
dev-haskell/foundation doc hoogle
dev-haskell/free doc hoogle
dev-haskell/fsnotify doc hoogle
dev-haskell/generic-deriving doc hoogle
dev-haskell/ghc-exactprint doc hoogle
dev-haskell/gluraw doc hoogle
dev-haskell/glut doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hackage-security doc hoogle
dev-haskell/haddock doc hoogle
dev-haskell/haddock-api doc hoogle
=dev-haskell/haddock-api-2.22.0 -doc
dev-haskell/haddock-library -doc -hoogle
dev-haskell/half doc hoogle
dev-haskell/happy doc
dev-haskell/hashable doc hoogle
dev-haskell/haskeline doc hoogle
dev-haskell/haskell-platform doc
dev-haskell/haskell-src doc hoogle
dev-haskell/haskell-src-exts doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hasktags doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hinotify doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hlint doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hoogle doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hourglass doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hscolour doc hoogle
dev-haskell/html doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http-client doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http-client-tls doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http-conduit doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http-date doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http-types doc hoogle
dev-haskell/http2 doc hoogle
dev-haskell/hunit doc hoogle
dev-haskell/ieee754 doc hoogle
dev-haskell/integer-logarithms doc hoogle
dev-haskell/iproute doc hoogle
dev-haskell/js-flot doc hoogle
dev-haskell/js-jquery doc hoogle
dev-haskell/json doc hoogle
dev-haskell/kan-extensions doc hoogle
dev-haskell/lens doc hoogle
dev-haskell/lifted-base doc hoogle
dev-haskell/listlike doc hoogle
dev-haskell/memory doc hoogle
dev-haskell/mime-types doc hoogle
dev-haskell/mmap doc hoogle
dev-haskell/mmorph doc hoogle
dev-haskell/monad-control doc hoogle
dev-haskell/mtl doc hoogle
dev-haskell/nats doc
dev-haskell/network doc hoogle
dev-haskell/network-uri doc hoogle
dev-haskell/objectname doc hoogle
dev-haskell/old-locale doc hoogle
dev-haskell/old-time doc hoogle
dev-haskell/opengl doc hoogle
dev-haskell/openglraw doc hoogle
dev-haskell/optparse-applicative doc hoogle
dev-haskell/parallel doc hoogle
dev-haskell/parsec doc hoogle
dev-haskell/parsers doc hoogle
dev-haskell/pem doc hoogle
dev-haskell/polyparse doc hoogle
dev-haskell/prelude-extras doc hoogle
dev-haskell/primitive doc hoogle
dev-haskell/process-extras doc hoogle
dev-haskell/profunctors doc hoogle
dev-haskell/psqueues doc hoogle
dev-haskell/quickcheck doc hoogle
dev-haskell/random doc hoogle
dev-haskell/reducers doc hoogle
dev-haskell/refact doc hoogle
dev-haskell/reflection doc hoogle
dev-haskell/regex-base doc hoogle
dev-haskell/regex-compat doc hoogle
dev-haskell/regex-posix doc hoogle
dev-haskell/regex-tdfa doc hoogle
dev-haskell/resourcet doc hoogle
dev-haskell/safe doc hoogle
dev-haskell/scientific doc hoogle
dev-haskell/securemem doc hoogle
dev-haskell/semigroupoids doc hoogle
dev-haskell/semigroups doc hoogle
dev-haskell/simple-sendfile doc hoogle
dev-haskell/socks doc hoogle
dev-haskell/split doc hoogle
dev-haskell/statevar doc hoogle
dev-haskell/stm doc hoogle
dev-haskell/streaming-commons doc hoogle
dev-haskell/strict doc hoogle
dev-haskell/stylish-haskell doc hoogle
dev-haskell/syb doc hoogle
dev-haskell/tagged doc hoogle
dev-haskell/tagsoup doc hoogle
dev-haskell/tar doc hoogle
dev-haskell/temporary doc hoogle
dev-haskell/terminal-size doc hoogle
dev-haskell/terminfo doc hoogle
dev-haskell/text doc hoogle
dev-haskell/th-abstraction doc hoogle
dev-haskell/time-locale-compat doc hoogle
dev-haskell/tls doc hoogle
dev-haskell/transformers doc hoogle
dev-haskell/transformers-base doc hoogle
dev-haskell/transformers-compat doc hoogle
dev-haskell/trifecta doc hoogle
dev-haskell/uniplate doc hoogle
dev-haskell/unix-compat doc hoogle
dev-haskell/unix-time doc hoogle
dev-haskell/unordered-containers doc hoogle
dev-haskell/utf8-string doc hoogle
dev-haskell/vault doc hoogle
dev-haskell/vector doc hoogle
dev-haskell/vector-binary-instances doc hoogle
dev-haskell/void doc hoogle
dev-haskell/wai doc hoogle
dev-haskell/wai-logger doc hoogle
dev-haskell/warp doc hoogle
dev-haskell/warp-tls doc hoogle
dev-haskell/word8 doc hoogle
dev-haskell/x509 doc hoogle
dev-haskell/x509-store doc hoogle
dev-haskell/x509-system doc hoogle
dev-haskell/x509-validation doc hoogle
dev-haskell/xhtml doc hoogle
dev-haskell/xss-sanitize doc hoogle
dev-haskell/yaml doc hoogle
dev-haskell/zip-archive doc hoogle
dev-haskell/zlib doc hoogle
